in today's video we are going to go
through the events of 2021's horror
thriller
sun spoilers ahead you have been warned
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
comment on what your favorite part was
and subscribe to our channel for more at
the beginning of the movie a pregnant
woman is seen in a diner
the waitress gives her a hot cup of
coffee when we see the woman is not
wearing any shoes
and her feet are muddy she seems
distressed
two men enter the diner and sit in the
booth right behind her
seeing them the woman gets alerted and
runs out to her car
she drives away frequently checking if
they are chasing her
her water breaks while she is driving
she gives birth to a little boy while
yelling that she
doesn't want him it is eight years later
laura and her eight-year-old son david
live together happily
she works in a kindergarten as a teacher
while going to college to study
psychology
david is in middle school one night
laura puts david to bed and goes to her
room to study
sometime later she hears someone walking
outside
assuming it is david coming to sleep in
her room she dismisses it at first
then she goes to check on him and sees
several people standing around his bed
she tries to go in but someone locks the
door from inside laura freaks out and
runs outside to call someone for help
she bangs on her neighbor susan's door
and asks her to call the police
when she runs back to the house the
doors have opened she goes in and sees a
naked david
fast asleep on his bed laura hugs her
son
and cries the next morning detective
paul comes to investigate the case
but there is no sign of home invasion
the other police officer thinks that
laura had a lucid dream
but paul tells her that he believes her
laura asks david if he had opened his
clothes at night by himself
david is not sure but says that it is
possible because he frequently gets hot
at night
the next day at work detective paul
visits laura to tell her that they did
not find any new fingerprints in david's
room
laura still insists that what she saw
was real
that night laura hears a noise and comes
downstairs there
she sees a shadow walking past the door
and quickly calls paul
he comes over to check but finds nothing
he and laura are in the kitchen talking
about the case
when david comes downstairs with his
hands on his stomach he says that it
hurts a lot
and proceeds to vomit blood they rush
the kid to the hospital
as the doctors open his clothes to check
him they see various marks on his body
he tries to restrict them from touching
them and loses his control
later the doctor tells laura that every
test result they had run on david came
negative they do not know what is wrong
with him david's conditioning
is worsening by the second and the
doctor assumes that at this rate
he won't be alive tomorrow laura is in
shock
she cries as she sees david in that
condition she falls asleep beside his
bed
later at night david vomits blood again
laura calls the doctors
they see that david is gaining his
consciousness back it is now the next
morning and david is as good as
ever it is as if he was never sick the
doctors claimed that it is a miracle
laura david and paul go to a diner but
david refuses to eat
anything laura wants to sell the house
they live in and start fresh
but paul advises her to take it slow
they are back home and laura puts david
to sleep
downstairs she asks paul to stay for the
night they start to make out when david
yells calling for laura
they rush up to see him having a seizure
he is rushed back to the hospital
the doctor still can't figure out his
illness later laura reveals to paul that
she was raised in a cult and escaped
eight years ago
she predicts that the people in david's
room were members of the cult
giving this sickness to david paul is in
disbelief
laura falls asleep beside david's
hospital bed that night too
when she wakes up she hears the doctors
talking to each other saying that the
boy is their priority
they also talk about someone arriving
laura goes to check from the window and
sees two men running towards the
hospital
laura senses something wrong so she
picks david up and rushes to another
room
the doctors come after but do not see
them she rushes him to their neighbor
susan's house
while laura is out fetching clothes and
money from her house david wakes up and
asks susan to come closer
laura calls paul and tells him to meet
her outside david's school in an hour
when she goes back to susan's nobody
opens the door
laura enters through the back door
cautiously and is shocked to see david
feeding on dead susan
he says that he feels so much better now
laura takes david to the shower and
washes the blood off him
she puts him to bed and goes back to
clean up susan's body
lower then writes he is coming and draws
a symbol on the wall with susan's blood
she takes david and drives off on her
way paul calls her but she throws her
phone out of the window
they stay at a motel for the night the
news of them being missing is on the tv
they then drive off to see one of
laura's old friends in a different car
meanwhile the police find susan's dead
body paul and his partner steve find out
that laura's real name is anna
and she was abused and held captain for
13 years by her paedophile father
laura stops at a woman named mrs nagel
the woman refers to her as
anna and asks if david is her father
laura asks her about someone named jimmy
and finds that he is in a place called
kallichmont square in mississippi
on the other hand paul finds out that
laura used to be in a mental asylum and
goes to see her doctor
the doctor tells him that she was highly
delusional when asked about the cult she
had mentioned
he tells paul that it is all part of a
delusion she and jimmy nagel were sold
to other men
by laura's father for money paul then
sets off to look for nagel as well
laura finally meets jimmy she tells him
that she doesn't remember anything about
the cult since she was given a lot of
medicine in the asylum
but jimmy remembers he was also a victim
of the cult
so she asks him for information jimmy
tells her that david is the child
of the devil only laura had the power to
call him to the earth
and so they made laura have sex with a
devil to create this child
laura remembers being on a bed in front
of the cult and meeting the devil
david starts to get sick again he tells
laura that everything in his body hurts
she takes him to a nearby motel but
david gets sicker
and sicker laura knows that the only way
to help him is to feed him
a human she rushes back to her car to
calm herself down
when she sees a man beating a girl for
money she goes back to david who
begs her to bring her food laura then
goes out again
and seduces the man from earlier to come
to her room
david hides under the bed as laura
brings the man to the bathroom
both of them start to undress just then
david attacks the man
and eats his flesh laura cannot watch it
anymore so she comes out of the room to
calm herself
when she goes back in the man's body is
in pieces
david has eaten most of him he watches
cartoons on the tv as lara cleans up the
mess
and collects the body parts in a garbage
bag they leave the motel at night and
drive off to an abandoned church
laura gets rid of the body there and
writes he is coming with the same symbol
on a nearby wall they then flee to
another motel nearby
meanwhile paul and steve reach jimmy's
only to find him dead
he has the same words written on his
chest steve is sure now that
laura is behind all the murders paula
seems to think the same
at the new motel david tells laura about
a dream where he could fly
they chat for a while after which laura
says that she won't be able to help him
the next time he gets hungry
david tells her that if she doesn't help
him he will die
laura starts to cry david wants to go
out somewhere to have fun
laura decides to take him to the
carnival at night later they go to the
carnival and have a lot of fun
but david starts to get sick again this
time his stomach starts to bleed
he is in a lot of pain so laura takes
him back to the motel
laura tries to calm him down but the
pain is too much for david to handle
it is dark in the room when three police
officers arrive laura had taken the
man's gun from the previous motel
scared she fires at the policeman when
she turns the lights on she sees all
three of the police officers lying on
the ground
she has shot them one of them is steve
she apologizes to him and tries to help
him but to no avail
the policemen are dead scared she picks
up david again and rushes out
other people from the motel notice them
running away but do not do
anything laura has enough of this so she
decides to drive back to the place it
all started
it is a place she dreams about every
night in the dream she is in her room on
the bed surrounded by members of the
cult
her father tells her to chant the verses
as she does that
an entity appears in the room he is the
devil
and the birth father of david on her way
there she calls paul and apologizes to
him for killing his friend
she also tells him that she is going to
the place this all started
he tries to calm her but laura cuts the
phone laura finally reaches the place
and goes to her old room
she sits on the floor with david and
chants the verses but no one arrives
she threatens him that she will kill
david if he doesn't come out
she wants the entity to cure david she
repeatedly chants the verses when
suddenly we see someone standing behind
her
as she is about to turn around paul and
other police officers enter the room
the entity from behind her disappears
she blames paul for making him go
according to laura those people who came
to her home that night
fed david human flesh this triggered the
evil in david that was handed to him by
his birth father
now laura has no other way but to kill
david
she doesn't want him to live like this
as she is about to stab him the officers
shoot her dead
and save david david and paul are at the
hospital
david is still very ill when suddenly
paul cut some flesh out of his arm
and feeds him he has been one of the
members of the cult the whole time
he then introduces david to his father
the movie ends as we see david hug the
entity
and call him daddy thanks for watching
make sure to like and comment on the
video if you enjoyed it
and subscribe to the channel to see more
of these movie summaries